Base: Add note about optipng to contributing guidelines (#13893)
SerenityOS/serenity: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Squash your commits when making revisions after a patch review.
* Add your personal copyright line to files when making substantive changes. (Optional but encouraged!)
* Check the spelling of your code, comments and commit messages.

> * If you have images that go along with your code, remember to do ` optipng -strip all ` in order to save a couple more bytes. You'll be glad you did.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have images that go along with your code, run `optipng -strip all` on them to optimize & strip away useless metadata - this can reduce file size from multiple kilobytes to a couple hundred bytes.
```

Author: Suggested change implemented.  :^)
